Skip peer-redirect to VM workloads for on-node clients too (#13334)
projectcalico/calico: felix/design/bpf-overview.md

uses plain `bpf_redirect`. See
[bpf-tc-programs.md → Attach mechanisms](./bpf-tc-programs.md).

`bpf_redirect_peer` also leaves the L2 header untouched, so the packet
reaches the destination addressed to the host side of the veth. A pod
does not care — the kernel already classified the packet as
`PACKET_HOST` — but a workload that bridges the veth on to something
else does. A KubeVirt VM behind a bridge sees a destination MAC that is
not the guest's and drops the frame as `PACKET_OTHERHOST`. Such

> destinations therefore opt out: the calc graph sets `SkipRedir.Ingress`
> on the workload (VM workloads, and workloads with ingress bandwidth QoS,
> which needs the host qdisc), Felix turns that into the
> `CALI_RT_SKIP_INGRESS_REDIRECT` flag on the workload's route, and a
> program that resolves a route with the flag records
> `CALI_CT_FLAG_SKIP_REDIR_PEER` on the conntrack entry. Every packet of
> the flow then takes the FIB path, which rewrites the destination MAC.
> The opt-out belongs to the *destination*, so it must be applied whether
> the client is off-host (`from-HEP`) or a workload on the same node
> (`from-WEP`).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bpf_redirect_peer` also leaves the L2 header untouched, so the packet
arrives addressed to the veth's host side. Ordinary pods do not care —
the kernel has already classified it `PACKET_HOST` — but a workload
that bridges its veth onward, such as a KubeVirt VM, drops the frame as
`PACKET_OTHERHOST`. Those workloads, and any using ingress QoS (which
needs the host qdisc), set `SkipRedir.Ingress`; Felix propagates it as
`CALI_RT_SKIP_INGRESS_REDIRECT` on the route and
`CALI_CT_FLAG_SKIP_REDIR_PEER` on the conntrack entry, pinning the flow
to the FIB path, which does rewrite the MAC. The opt-out is the
*destination's*, so it applies to both `from-HEP` and `from-WEP`.

```

Author: _Claude:_ Applied verbatim in 69460f2f24 — reads better and nothing was lost. Thanks.
